**
Reba, it has been so fun
having you here this season.
Well,
I'm having a blast,
and I love working with
another strong female.
Ooh, thank you.
You.
I was just thinking
about it, though.
What do you think the guys
are doing, like, right now?
Huh.
Well, John's so smart
and now so competitive.
I know.
I bet they're back there
creating a master scheme
to take us down.
**
We have to work together
because those guys,
they're always
scheming something.
Oh, so close.
Oh!
That was a good catch!
One point.
1-0.
1-1.
We have to stay
two steps ahead of them
because they are
the masters of strategy.
There you go.
Aah!
[ Laughs ]
Whoa!
[ Grunts ]
They think
they're so clever.
Let's be honest.
We're the brains
of this operation.
[ Laughs ]
Ahh.
[ Popping ]
Should we get out there?
Uh, I guess.
Should we do
one more sheet, though?
Yeah, absolutely.
Alright.
[ Laughs ]
Breathe into the center
of your chest.
[ Inhales deeply ]
Every time you breathe out,
breathe out love to the people.
Lila: Music is a meditative,
very sacred thing for me,
and I think this opportunity
feels like a gift
from the universe.
**
[ Whispers ]
Good luck, everybody.
I'm ready
for the world to hear me.
Ready for the world
to hear what I got.
**
* Come down off your throne *
* Leave your body alone *
* Somebody's gotta change,
yes, yes *
Yeah!
Whoa, two!
* You are the reason *
* I've been waiting
for so long *
Whoo!
* Somebody holds the key *
Wow!
* But it ain't me *
All four!
My God! Oh, my God!
* Well, I'm near the end
and I've tried *
Oh, my.
* But I *
* I just ain't got the time *
What are you
talking about?!
Oh, wow.
* Once more, I'm wasted and I *
* I can't find my way home *
**
* Come down on your own *
* Leave your body at home *
* Somebody's got to change,
yes, yes *
* Well, I'm near the end
and I *
* But I *
Whoa!
* Babe, I just ain't got
the time *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* Once more, I'm wasted and I *
* I can't find my way home *
**
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
**
Oh, my God.
Four chairs!
Four chairs.
That's awesome.
Congratulations.
**
Are you okay?
Yeah. I just had to check
my heart rate really quick.
It's up there. It's up there.
It's up there.
Wow. Who are you?
My name is Lila Forde.
I'm from Seattle,
but I live here now.
Beautiful.
Yeah!
Back home, I had
a really spiritual upbringing.
My parents met
in a meditation group,
and they owned
this piece of property --
15 acres of land in the
San Juan Islands in Washington.
They have multiple retreats
throughout the year.
It's completely wild out there.
Man: Hey, let's take a tour
of the property.
Woman: Here we go.
Okay.
At my parents' retreat, they've
built an outdoor kitchen.
There's an outdoor shower.
There's glamping tents.
They're built on platforms.
So, it's really, really special.
You can be in the woods
and feel the energy of the trees
and the nature
and hear the owls at night.
Every single time I go home,
we go up there.
And I always have
the best song ideas come to me
when I'm away
from my instrument.
Meditating --
it makes you blossom in ways
that I don't find accessible
in the rush of the city.
But I did have to move to LA
to follow this dream of mine.
That decision has really
rewarded me
and led me to "The Voice."
Niall:
That song could not be more
perfect for you if it tried.
And you look so comfortable
up there on that piano.
Your tone has got
so many parts.
It was like listening to, like,
full-on Joni Mitchell stuff,
you know, where Joni would,
like, sing that real deep stuff
and then just
[slides note]
It was like --
It's so cool. [ Laughs ]
[ Slides note ]
[ Laughs ]
That's Scooby-Doo,
I believe.
That was Scooby.
Correct.
That was a perfect
Scooby-Doo imitation.
[ Imitates Scooby-Doo ]
My kids love Scooby-Doo.
[ Laughter ]
That reminded me of everything
I love about music.
I would absolutely love you
on my team.
Lila: Thank you, Niall.
Okay.
[ Imitates Scooby-Doo ]
Okay, I'm freaking fighting
right now, okay?
So...
Gwen is fighting, folks.
I'm literally taking
off my shoes.
[ Cheers and applause ]
This is what
the world needs.
Correct.
We want a singer-songwriter
with a true point of view
that's original, unique,
that's not trying to be
like anyone else.
And the way you performed it,
the confidence --
it's everything
that I love.
It was so good.
It was so beautiful.
I'm standing in the middle
of the room like --
this is so awkward.
But you're my dream "Voice" girl
to work with.
I love you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much,
Gwen.
I love you.
That was magical.
What I heard was, like, wisdom.
You understood everything
you were saying,
every little nuance,
every little Scooby woof.
[ Imitates Scooby-Doo ]
[ Laughter ]
But everything felt completely
under your control.
Yeah.
And I could even tell that it
was you playing before I turned
because it felt like the artist
was playing and not the band.
Thank you, John.
That means a lot.
It means a lot to me.
I started playing clubs
and honky-tonks and dance halls
when I was 13 years old,
so I saw
the maturity in you
as you were sitting there
singing and playing.
You are an old soul.
You're mature
beyond your years.
Thank you, Reba.
Tell us a little bit
about yourself.
How long
have you been singing?
My mom's a musician.
She's a pianist.
So, straight out the womb,
all of us were playing,
doing something.
So, I was in choir
all growing up.
What are you doing now?
I'm a gigging girl in LA.
I gig full time.
Where can we go see you?
[ Laughs ]
I'm like the lounge singer.
You know, a lot of hotels
in Santa Monica.
I do a lot of Joni, Carole King.
I do a lot of The Beatles.
I had
those kinds of gigs.
Like, the rough part
about it is that
you know people are there
for other reasons.
Mm-hmm.
And, like, you want them to love
everything you're doing,
appreciate all the nuances.
It's like they're having
a drink with their friend
and chatting and...
It gives you
a thick skin, though.
It does.
It makes you so resilient.
That resilience shone through
because it was like,
"I'm not affected by all
this hubbub around me."
Any of this.
"I'm going to give you
this beauty
and this honesty
and this authenticity."
It was just so pure
coming from you.
Thank you.
Lila, you're in safe hands
no matter where you go.
I would personally absolutely
adore you to be on my team.
And Niall even behaved himself
throughout this pitch.
I feel like you tamed him
in a way.
Oh, really?
She deserves me
to be quiet.
Lila, who are you gonna pick
as your coach?
Me, obviously.
Come on, Lila.
[ Audience shouting ]
Come on, Lila!
Lila, I love you!
Lila: I think
I got to go with...
**
I got to go with
Mr. John Legend over here.
Gosh!
Yes!
I'm so sad.
Season 24, the heat
is turning up.
I'm still the four-chair king.
Oh, my God.
I'm so happy.
You could tell she was
a musician from the first note.
Welcome to Team Legend.
I felt her tone, wisdom.
It feels like she's lived
and seen things.
And you're like, "How can you be
doing that? You're only 24.
Like, what have you seen?"
[ Laughs ]
Yes!
I'm really excited
to work with Lila.
Thank you
for choosing me.
That one will hurt.
He always has, like,
the best teams.
Bummer.
[ Sighs ]
John Legend
has a very strong team.
Oh, John's getting
all the glory now.
He gets some great,
heavy-hitting singers.
Now I wished I'd hit my block.
I'm the only coach
with a block left.
I was gonna wait,
but John's on a roll.
We got to block John.
I'm gonna bring back
an oldie but goodie.
Okay.
* You know I had to fight
for you *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* Put it all on the line
for you *
* Welcome to Team Legend *
Oh, chords.
* You made your choice *
* Now let's go and win
"The Voice" *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* Welcome to Team Legend *
Thank you!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Daly: Coming up...
* Oh, I wish
there was a right way *
Daly:
...our coaches are all in...
John: Four chairs!
Whoo-hoo!
Gwen: This is the most
four-chair turns of any season
I've ever been on.
I'm ready.
Please.
Can I hear both you guys say,
"Oh, thanks for picking me,"
just so I could hear
how it sounds?
[ Laughter ]
I think we're looking
at a potential winner here.
I think I'm gonna go with...
[ Squeals ]
Yeah!
Daly:
...and Reba makes her move.
Reba's the only one
with a block left.
Better be nice to me.
I'm trying to figure out
when to use my block.
Don't block me.
If I'm gonna lose to anyone,
I'm losing to you.
I'm not losing
to these two.
[ Laughter ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back to night
five of the blind auditions.
* No, no, no, no, eh *
* It's a beautiful day
in the sun *
One of the best parts
of living in Dubai
is the hot weather,
which means you can
come to the beach.
We come here all the time
to get nice and bronzy and tan.
My name's Angelina Nazarian.
I'm 17 years old,
and I'm currently
living in Dubai.
Whoo-hoo!
I actually just graduated
from high school,
and I love speaking
in many different languages.
That's a good amount, I think.
[ Chuckles ]
**
I was born
in Ann Arbor, Michigan,
and I lived there
till I was 5 years old.
And because of my dad's job,
six countries I've lived in --
the US, Russia, China,
Korea, Armenia, and Dubai.
I think with all the different
places that I've lived,
all the people that I've met,
music is that base for me
and that thing that means
all of us could connect.
In being more
culturally diverse,
I'm able to embrace the music
that I sing better.
Apart from karaoke,
singing in school assemblies,
and maybe at a few restaurants
and family events,
I've never had a really
official gig or band.
So, being on "The Voice" means
that this will be
my largest crowd.
Hi, there.
How you feeling?
I'm feeling great.
Thank you for asking.
What is this moment out there
gonna mean for you?
This means everything
to me.
I've imagined this
since I was 9 years old,
and to play this
in my room
and now actually do it
for real is insane.
Ready to go?
Yeah, I was born ready.
Alright, go get it.
Me coming here right after
high school with no experience,
I do believe that having
a coach turn for me
would help me have
that validation.
**
* Hey, hey *
* Ahhh *
* Love can be
a many splendid thing *
* Can't deny the joy it brings *
* A dozen roses,
diamond rings *
* Dreams for sale
and fairy tales *
* It'll make you hear
a symphony *
* And you just want
the world to see *
* But like a drug
that makes you blind *
* It'll fool you every time *
* The trouble with love is *
Come on, Gwen!
Come on, baby.
Oh, there's Reba!
* It can tear you up inside *
* Make your heart
believe a lie *
* It's stronger
than your pride *
* The trouble with love is *
* It doesn't care
how fast you fall *
Ooh!
* And you can't
refuse the call *
* See, you've got
no say at all *
* The trouble with love *
* Tear you up inside *
* Ooh, ooh, oh *
* See, you've got
no say at aaaaaaaaaaall, yeah *
Yeah!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Wow.
Congratulations.
That's awesome.
Very cool, very cool.
Niall: Hello.
Hello.
What's your name?
Where are you from?
My name is Angelina Nazarian.
I'm 17 years old.
[ Gasps ]
John:
Oh, my God. 17?
Are you serious?
And I was born
in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Okay. Okay.
Congratulations.
You are on "The Voice."
How cool is that?
I'm so excited to be here.
I came here from Dubai,
as well...
Oh.
...so just a big change, yeah.
Wow. Wow.
We're so excited
to have you here.
You're really
a powerful vocalist,
and the fact
that you're so young
means being kind of
in this pressure cooker
and this -- what Gwen calls
boot camp, which it really is,
this is gonna be
a great experience for you.
Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
The control that you have
over your voice,
especially
in that lower register,
it was so good.
I don't have a voice
like this on my team.
There's a lot of power
in there,
and you can do
so much with it.
Like, I would love
to coach you.
Please pick me!
[ Cheers and applause ]
I loved
your performance.
Your voice is gorgeous,
and 17 years old? Wow.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I have gotten to do lots
of fun things in my career.
I've been headlining tours
since the '80s. [ Chuckles ]
Whoo!
God, why did I have to say
that to a 17-year-old?
Have you
heard of the '80s?
Oh, my God.
[ Laughter ]
Well, I don't have anybody
like you on my team.
The other coach to my right
is wonderful.
But if you came with me,
we would explore new things
for you to sing.
Hi, Angelina.
I'm, like, dying over that look.
Like, culottes.
Like, really?
I knew you'd like it.
I knew -- I said -- I was like,
"Gwen's gonna like this,
I think."
You -- 100%.
You just, like, nailed it.
Thank you.
And your performance
was gorgeous.
I have full regret mode right
now for not pushing my button,
but you got some
amazing choices over here.
And congratulations.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Angelina, last word.
[ Laughter ]
And I can't promise
it is the last.
I won this competition
last season
with a girl
very similar.
I know, yep, I know.
I remember exactly
what it was like
being on a show of this stature
when I was very young.
It's very daunting
and scary,
and you feel like a deer
in the headlights.
And I thought that you did
such a good job at your age,
so please.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I love you singing
a Kelly Clarkson song.
When she won the competition
she was in,
they told her
that she could pick anybody
to sing with her
on the finale,
and she chose me,
and that's when I met her.
So, it makes me feel
really good
that you chose
a Kelly song today.
Ah.
So, I'd love to be
your coach.
Thank you. Thank you.
Gwen: Okay, Angelina,
who do you choose
as your coach?
Oh, my God.
[ Audience shouting ]
I can't do this.
**
Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
Wait.
Can I hear both you guys say,
"Oh, thanks for picking me,"
just so I could hear
how it sounds?
Oh, thanks
for picking me.
Thank you so much
[ Laughter ]
I cannot wait
to work with you!
She's got you jumping
through hoops over here.
I like it.
Sorry.
Who wants me more, though?
I do! I do!
I do!
Me!
I'll give you
my water bottle.
[ Audience shouting ]
I think I'm gonna go
with...
Reba.
**
Aw, that's okay.
Reba: Anybody who picks
a Kelly Clarkson song,
they are either very talented
or very crazy.
Well, Angelina,
she's very talented.
Thank you.
Bye.
She's just ready to blossom.
Get your tater tots here.
This is gonna be
so much fun.
Congratulations.
Thank you. I know it will be.
Thank you.
Reba, she's gonna fight.
She's fiery.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Reba is the queen,
and it's so hard sometimes
to go up against her.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I'm ready.
I'm back in the action now.
Oh, yes,
you are, Reba.
I'm nowhere
near the action.
You alright?
You okay? Oh.
Poor little Niall.
They shouldn't call me
Last Word Horan.
They should call me
No Shame Horan...
If I'm gonna lose to anyone,
I'm losing to you.
I'm not losing
to these two.
...'cause I'll do anything
to win this thing.
Anything.
When she made you guys
beg for her, I was like,
"Go ahead, girl."
[ Laughs ]
Daly: As our coaches
start building their teams,
start building yours.
Get the "Voice" official app now
and play along.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Man: We're speaking
to Tanner Massey.
So, how did you
get into singing?
My dad had heard me sing,
and he liked
the way I was singing.
He got me teachers
and everything,
and I eventually enjoyed it.
[ Fast-forwarding]
When I first started singing,
I was around 11.
My parents always told me
that I could sing,
so they pushed me
to do vocal lessons,
and it all started to take off.
I have spent most of my life
in Oklahoma,
and there's a very, very nice
and humble music scene
that let young artists sing
in their opries,
and they let them play
with bands.
And I started to get
really used to
singing in front
of other people,
and I started understanding
things about my own voice.
I was like, "Okay, I guess
this is what I'm doing now."
* It's a beautiful life *
Nice. Love it.
As I was growing up,
I found one audition for
this group called Acapop! KIDS.
I auditioned for them thinking,
"Oh, there's no way."
But I actually was in
a music video with them.
* In all the good times *
* I find myself
longing for change *
I was like 15, and it was
the craziest experience ever.
So, that got like
15 million views.
And I'm just like, "Oh, okay.
So, this is, like,
a really big thing."
I have not had something,
like, that crazy until now.
[ Laughs ]
Can't wait to be up here.
Nice.
Being on "The Voice,"
honestly, I can't believe
that it's actually happening.
Aah! Okay.
I love all four
of the coaches.
I would love for Niall to turn.
I have been a huge fan
of Niall for years.
I think we have
very similar voice types.
And Niall won last time.
But for me, these four coaches,
they are awesome,
amazing singers,
especially Gwen Stefani,
of course.
Like, it's Gwen.
I am singing "Before You Go"
by Lewis Capaldi.
I've never performed this
for an actual live audience,
but I've performed it
for social media.
There is a huge difference
between, like,
singing it on social media.
I can record it
as many times as I want,
and I can't do that here.
I'm gonna be singing it once.
I would really,
really like someone to turn.
It would be insane.
* I fell by the wayside *
* Like everyone else *
* I hate you,
I hate you, I hate you *
* But I was
just kidding myself *
* When you hurt
under the surface *
* Like troubled water
running cold *
Mm.
* Well, time can heal,
but this won't *
* So before you go *
* Was there something
I could've said *
* To make your heart beat
better? *
* If only I'd have known
you had a storm to weather *
* So before you go *
* Oh, would we be better off
by now? *
Come on!
* If I'd let my walls
come down? *
* Maybe, I guess
we'll never know *
* You know, you knoooooow *
* Before you go *
Got Reba!
You got it!
* Was there something
I could've said *
* To make it all stop hurting? *
* It kills me that your mind *
* Could make you feel
so worthless *
* So *
* Before you gooooo *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Wow, Tanner.
You did it, buddy!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh, my gosh.
Hi, bud.
Hey, there. [ Laughs ]
What's your name?
Where you from?
My name is Tanner Massey,
and I'm from
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Whoo!
Okie boy.
Dude, that was --
that was really good.
I could sense
a lot of nerves.
I'm fine with working
with nerves.
The girl I won it with last
year, she was a nervous wreck
in her first audition
and went on to win the thing.
As if you didn't
know that.
[ Laughter ]
He's going
to remind you.
Oh, you won last season.
Okay.
This is how it works.
I told you.
I wasn't aware.
Well, I told you enough.
[ Laughter ]
To stand up there and do what
you're doing is really hard.
You should be very proud
of yourself for --
for giving it a crack
and singing a tough song.
Lewis would have been
very proud of that version.
I'll send it to him.
Thank you so much.
You got that?
He knows Lewis.
He can text him.
Yeah, I'll text him.
I feel like I'm talking
to, you know,
a younger version
of myself.
There's a little
storyteller
that we heard
in your performance.
I'd love to have you
on Team Niall.
Thank you very much.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Well, Tanner --
fellow Okie.
I'm from
southeastern Oklahoma.
And if you didn't
realize this,
I was the first
to turn around...
[ Laughter ]
...'cause I love
your voice.
It grabbed my attention
from the very beginning.
I love the miners,
and I love that kind of song.
I've been doing this
for many, many years,
and I think I could give you
some advice, help you out,
whether it's stage presence
or selecting songs.
So, I'd love to have you
on my team.
And I do have some
great tater tots over there.
[ Laughter ]
I love tater tots.
Huge fan.
Right when you came on,
I was just like --
I was hovering because I love
that tone in your voice
and just -- you didn't sound
nervous then to me.
It just sounded
really beautiful
and pretty and --
and airy and warm,
and you're like a diamond
in the rough.
The dream is just
so alive in you.
So, I would love to coach you,
teach you,
hang with you, and watch
you grow before my eyes.
John: Tanner!
Thank you.
There's probably a guy
who wants the last word.
Tanner, this would -- this would
be -- we'd be really good.
I'm not messing around here.
Gwen: Oh, my God.
Alright, Tanner,
who do you pick as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
**
I pick Niall.
* Runnin' through
this strange life *
* Chasin' all them
green lights *
* Throwin' out the shade
for a little bit of sunshine *
What a win.
Come on, Tanner.
I could tell that Tanner
was nervous.
So was Gina,
and what happened to Gina Miles?
She won the thing.
Tanner, there are so many great
songs that we can do with him.
He's got, like, this kind
of pop feel to him
with a bit
of a singer-songwriter touch.
Meet your brother.
So, I picked Niall
because I think when he said,
"You're like
a younger version of me,"
I knew who I was picking.
* A little bit of sunshine *
I'm gonna have to get
my wallet out
to get somebody
on my team.
Think so.
I'm really hoping
that my day picks up.
Even though I didn't get Tanner,
you know, I'm excited for Niall.
He's gonna do
a great job with him.
She's struggling, Blake.
You got any tricks?
I already
just texted him.
Have you?
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
Alright.
That's cool.
Man: It's gonna
get you, man.
We got a corn snake here.
Aah!
Herping. Herping.
It's the worst name for it.
It sounds so, so nerdy.
I've never seen that.
It's going out and catching
snakes, reptiles...
See ya, buddy.
...gators and anything.
It's something I love to do.
That's the best.
It's something I got into
when I was a kid.
Walking through the Everglades,
just looking for a python.
That's the dream.
I'm Ange, I'm 23 years old,
and I'm from
St. Louis, Missouri.
Nice.
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
Growing up, basketball
was my passion.
Just would play all the time.
Around like 14 years old,
I started having knee problems.
I dislocated my knee for the
first time going up for a block.
That's when I went to the doctor
and found out I have something
called Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
It affects the connective tissue
in your body,
that has caused me
to continuously
dislocate and get injured.
I realized I'm gonna have
to get surgery for this.
After the surgery, I was
bedridden for about six weeks.
My best friend got me a ukulele.
My parents got me a guitar.
So, I started learning
how to write songs.
If it weren't for me
getting injured,
I do not think
I'd be playing music.
I've been in physical therapy
for nine years.
I'm proud of myself
for getting back to a point
where I can even do this
and walk around
and be energetic on stage.
Doing music as a career
is something
that's been a dream of mine
for a while.
I'm feeling good.
I'm feeling ready to go.
Honestly, catching an alligator,
it's --
as big of an adrenaline rush
as it is,
this is -- I got to say,
this is bigger.
It's got me more excited
and more nervous
than I've ever been.
* Vamonos*
* I've been lost
in my own place *
* And I'm getting wearyyyy *
* And I know that I need to
change my ways of living *
* How far is heaven? *
* Tú que estás en alto cielo*
* Echame tu bendición*
* 'Cause I-I-I know *
* There's a better place *
Come on. Turn a chair.
* How far is heaven? *
* And I just got to
have some faith *
* And just keep on giving *
Come on. Turn.
So close.
* I just want to know how far *
* Heaven, heaven *
Oh!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you, guys.
Appreciate that.
Oh, shoot.
**
Hello. Hey.
What's your name,
and where are you from?
I'm Ange. I'm 23.
I'm from St. Louis, Missouri.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh, good deal.
Grew: Well, gosh, I hate that
nobody turned around for you.
I'm sorry.
That -- That's okay.
It's just great to be here
right now and see you guys.
This is awesome.
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
You started off really strong.
It was really energetic.
We were like,
"Oh, you got our attention."
That's great.
It was just inconsistent.
When you were kind of
belting out,
that was really nice.
You have so much potential
in your voice.
It's just needing
a little bit of time
to learn it
a little bit better.
But thank you
for coming out.
Thank you so much
for that advice.
I'm sorry we don't
have better news,
but I just felt like
some kind of the inconsisten--
Whoa, cool.
"Inconsististy."
You got to
do Scooby-Doo right now.
[ Imitates Scooby-Doo ]
[ Laughter ]
Some of your longer notes
were great,
and then it was just,
like, a little bit off.
Probably because
of the performance element,
but it sounds like you
were giving it a go.
Trying to.
I mean...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Your tone is really good,
and I think
you should make
a reappearance here.
I would love to.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
How are you?
Surprisingly, doing great.
Yeah.
Yes.
I love your energy
and your attitude.
And honestly, so much
of success in our business
depends on you reacting
to "no" in that way.
Your voice is amazing,
and almost all the notes you hit
that were in the higher part
of your range
just sounded so clear
and compelling.
I thought the song, though,
had a flatness to it.
And so, you have this
really nice voice.
Let's figure out
the right song,
and I think you would
do really well.
Awesome.
Totally agree.
Thank you so much.
What a cutie.
Thank you.
Ange had, like,
this really good attitude.
It just wasn't quite there.
Not enough that
I could press my button.
I don't have anyone yet, but at
this point in the competition,
we're just being
really selective.
It's always, like,
the really, like,
deserving sweethearts,
you know?
He took it so well, though.
I know.
I love him.
He's so sweet.
Really?
Yeah. Nice.
I'm loving this.
More, more, more.
Yeah! [ Humming ]
Bald head.
Yes, darling.
So, I started with a haircut,
and I said,
"You know what? Let me take
a little bit off the top."
And I think I took too much,
but it was a beautiful mistake.
And then it was giving me
this edge to my artistry.
And I said, "You know what?
I think she's here to stay."
I am Jarae Womack.
I'm 35 years old,
and I'm from
West Palm Beach, Florida.
I can't believe that my gift
actually brought me here.
I've been singing since 4.
My mom, she sees
something in me
that I didn't know
that I had,
and she says,
"It's in your blood,
and it's in your lineage."
* And lookin' for a love *
My grandfather is amazing.
He's Cecil Womack.
He was a brother of five.
He was in a group called
The Valentinos.
Sam Cooke started their career.
He did his own solo career,
and he also wrote "Love T.K.O."
And my uncle, Bobby Womack,
he ventured off
and he did his own solo career.
And now it's time
for Jarae Womack. [ Laughs ]
They got a spot
for you right here.
Yeah.
Right over there.
I performed in many gigs
in South Florida,
from Miami
to Fort Lauderdale,
trying to share my gift
with whoever wanted to listen.
But in 2016,
when my son was born,
I took a pause.
I was a single mother,
and I didn't know
where to go at that time.
I didn't know
where to start again.
So, I became
a massage therapist.
I love healing,
but music is my passion.
Someone wants to share
a special message with you.
Who?
Zay-Zay.
Isaiah: Hi, Mom.
I just wish good luck
on "The Voice."
You have been always
working hard for this moment.
Show the world
your beautiful voice
and win this thing
and bring it all home to me.
Oh.
Bring it on home.
[ Laughter ]
My baby.
Oh, God.
Unfortunately, my son
couldn't make it here today,
but this is definitely for him.
I sacrificed everything
to be a mother.
I stopped my music career,
but now, this is my moment,
and I can't wait to take it.
**
A chair-turn will mean
everything to me.
That means that
they actually believe in me.
To have someone confirm
that I got it
would be an honor
and a blessing.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions
at Universal Studios Hollywood.
**
[ Vocalizing ]
* He left no time to regret *
* Kept his lips wet *
* With his same old safe bet *
* And me -- and my head high *
* And my tears dry *
* Go on without my guy *
* And you went back
to what you knew *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* So far removed *
* From all that
we went through *
* Oh, and I *
* Tread a troubled track *
* And my odds are stacked *
Woman: Gwen!
* So I go back to black, oh *
* We only said goodbye
with words *
* I died a hundred times *
* And you go back to her *
* And I go back to *
* I go back to black *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Four chairs!
Yes!
Get 'em, girl!
Whoo-hoo!
Somebody come look at this.
Yes!
Is this is real?
Somebody come pinch me.
This is real?
[ Laughter ]
What's your name?
My name is Jarae Womack.
I'm 35 years young
from West Palm Beach, Florida.
Wow, Jarae.
That was insane.
On big songs like this,
with such character voices,
people tend to try and follow
whoever that artist may be.
And you completely
made it your own.
So believable.
Stand-out,
stand-out performance.
And I would love you
to be on my team!
Wow. [ Laughs ]
Please.
Oh, my gosh.
Way to go.
That was good.
Thank you.
I'm not familiar
with that song,
but I love the quality
of your voice in it.
Two of
my favorite singers,
Trisha Yearwood
and Lee Ann Womack,
I've always said they've got
the round tones when they sing.
You have that, also,
and it touched my soul.
So,
congratulations on that.
And I'm so honored and blessed
to be in your presence,
to get to listen
to you sing.
Aww.
Absolutely
love your voice.
Reba said that to you!
So good.
That's Reba.
Royalty talking
right there.
When we talk about soul,
we talk about a genre
called soul music.
But there's also something
about soul that's genre-less.
And I actually
couldn't tell
if you were a soul singer,
necessarily,
but I could tell you
were a soulful singer,
which means...
Oh.
Wow.
...something about it
is authentic and true
and passionate.
You own the song,
you lived in the song,
and you were speaking honestly
through the music.
I was just, like, feeling, like,
the drama and the...
It's like a Bond song
or something.
...like, the energy you were,
like, emitting from the stage.
So, I would love
to work with you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Wow.
You were using your voice
to show us your heart,
your soul, your emotions,
the lyric, the story.
That's the whole reason
why we do music, right?
I love all the breathiness,
the rasp.
You could do it
a million different ways,
but you chose to do
what you did today for us.
And it was just really,
really powerful,
really emotional.
I would love
to work with you.
I think you're really,
really gifted.
Niall always wants to get
the last word,
so I'll let him speak
one more time.
Niall: No, no, no.
Oh, he's good.
If you're gonna be
like that about it...
No, I'm just being so generous.
I know.
Thank you.
Well, we'd all be
honored to work with you.
You're gonna do well on the show
no matter what happens.
So, you've got to make
a choice, Jarae.
Who do you want to pick
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
**
Team Legend!
Pick me.
This is so hard.
You all are so beautiful.
Pick me!
**
Okay, um...
I think I'm gonna go with John.
Yeah! Yes!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yes!
John: Another four-chair-turn
coming to Team Legend.
Now I have two
four-chair-turns in a row.
You were fantastic.
We all love you,
as you could tell.
I'm really excited
to work with Jarae.
She has such a powerful,
unique voice.
You can tell she feels a sense
of purpose being on the stage,
and I want to help
her fulfill her purpose.
Well, thanks for not
blocking me on that one.
You know, I'm trying to figure
out when to use my block,
but I'm after John.
Time to pull that ace
out of my sleeve.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Niall: The teams
are looking good.
John: Yeah.
Oh, there she is.
Oh, hello, Miss Reba.
Look at the scepter.
The scepter has arrived.
Ta-da! I'm ready.
Queen Reba is here.
John: How are you feeling
about your team?
I feel every -- every bit
so confident
that I'm gonna win.
Okay.
Niall: Oh, really?
Who's the most ruthless?
Me?!
That is her brand.
[ Laughs ]
Ruthless Reba.
A ruthless queen.
[ Laughter ]
Niall: I just
thought of something.
Reba's the only one
with a block left.
Better be nice to me.
Uh-oh.
Unh-unh you said.
Okay,
let's get after it.
Come on.
Let's go.
Do it, guys.
Come on.
**
I think Prince Niall's
got a better ring to it.
Don't you?
**
Ruthless.
Brandon,
how you doing?
I'm good.
How are you?
I'm doing well.
Are you ready to go?
I'm excited.
I'm ready.
How do you feel right now?
You feel nervous?
I'm definitely nervous,
but I'm definitely
gonna kill it
and leave it all
on the floor.
I love it.
Good luck to you, man.
Thank you, thank you.
Have fun.
Thank you.
Man Ladies and gentlemen,
our next artist
is entering now.
Yee-haw!
[ Laughs ]
Come on, John.
Hi, guys.
Hi.
I'm gonna watch with you.
Okay.
I've been asking
about you.
Oh, yeah?
**
* Wanna believe what you say *
* But I hate you on most days *
* You've been testing
my faith and my patience *
* Yeah *
* And you know
that I be headstrong *
* But you know
that you be dead wrong *
* Telling me to relax
when I'm reacting *
* But I, I'd rather fight *
* Than lose sleep at night *
Let's go!
* At least you're all mine *
Oh, yeah.
* And if I had to choose *
* My heart or you *
* I'm gonna lose *
* What if nothing
ever will change? *
* Oh, I'm caught between
your love and a hard place *
* Oh, I wish
there was a right way *
* Hey, hey *
Oh! Yes!
* I'm caught between
your love and a hard place *
* What if nothing
ever will change? *
* I'm caught between
your love and a hard place *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yay!
Whoo!
Congratulations.
**
Awwwwwwwwww.
[ Laughter ]
Whoo-hoo!
See what she did to me?
She blocked me.
What's it say?
I can't read it.
It says "blocked"!
Hooray!
Capital B-L-O-C-K-E-D.
It says,
"Blocked by Reba."
[ Chanting ]
Reba! Reba! Reba! Reba!
[ Laughter ]
[ Chanting ]
John! John! John! John!
Alrighty, then.
Cold, just ruthless,
this woman.
I'm no dummy.
Ruthless.
What's your name,
and where are you from?
My name is Brandon Montel.
I'm 29 years old
from Memphis, Tennessee.
Memphis, Tennessee.
There you go.
Tell us about yourself.
What's your story?
I have been in LA
for six years now,
and I've done a lot
of background singing.
Uh-huh.
Aside from that,
I am also in the underground
ballroom culture.
Can we see a little bit?
You want to see a little bit?
Uh-oh.
Here we go.
**
Ooh!
[ Cheers and applause ]
I was doing something very
similar in the dressing room
before we came out here,
actually...
get my angle --
I was getting my angles right.
Hey, you know I was.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah, for sure.
**
The ballroom scene
is a LGBTQ+ subculture.
We come together
to compete for trophies.
The category
that I walk is Face.
Face is about selling face,
pointing out my features,
showing off my bone structure,
pointing off of my nose
and smiling.
* Step into the rave
just to misbehave *
Finding ballroom has made me
more aware of the confidence
that I never thought
that I had.
It's prepared me to be
the artist that I am today.
* Gotta get my club on *
**
I moved to Los Angeles
in 2017,
and I got my first
background gig in a month.
I've worked for artists
such as Kanye West.
I was in a Sunday service,
and I've also done background
work for Snoh Aalegra.
Trying to pursue music full time
can be a little intimidating
when you're amongst a lot
of other amazing artists.
But with me being
on "The Voice" now,
it's time for me
to show something different.
Brandon, we've been
unceremoniously prevented
from working together
by the queen over here.
Most of the time,
she's a benevolent queen,
but every once in a while,
she'll do some ruthless,
cold-blooded,
dirty things.
Only when I believe
in it.
I would never do
such a thing to you, Reba.
[ Coughs ]
If Reba messes up
and there's a steal opportunity,
I will be first in line.
Thank you.
That was so good.
Your runs were tasteful.
Your tone is so good.
Something that actually
we haven't heard.
I definitely don't have
a team member like you,
so I would absolutely
love to work with you.
I've been waiting
for you, man.
Those songs are
quite -- in ways...
[ Clears throat ]
Wrap it up here.
Wrap it up.
[ Laughs ]
Alright, Reba!
Brandon, you're the reason
why I blocked on John.
Don't reward this
kind of behavior, Brandon.
Do not reward
this behavior.
I have been holding
my block,
waiting on this opportunity
because you are so special.
I don't have anybody
like you.
Your pitch, everything
about your soulfulness --
I knew you were
a performer.
So, then when I turned around
and I saw you, I thought,
"Oh, man, am I so glad
I blocked John."
[ Laughs ]
So, I would love
to have you on my team.
I've got lots of years
of experience,
and I can bring it on to you,
so please consider me.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I thought your performance
was gorgeous,
beautiful,
and very original-sounding.
I would love to be
your coach.
I feel like I'm trying
to fight right now. [ Laughs ]
Niall: Come on, Gwen.
Give him some.
Wait. Let me go get
some caffeine. Hold on.
[ Laughter ]
I've been in a band.
I've been a solo artist.
I've bounced around in so many
different genres of music.
And out of everything
that I've done in my career,
being on this show
has brought me so much joy.
That's why
I keep coming back.
I love being here,
and I love coaching people.
You are adorably cute,
and pick me.
Oh, thank you.
Yay! [ Laughs ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
Last Word Horan,
do you have anything to add?
Brandon, seriously, man,
I would absolutely love
to coach you.
You'd be so good
to work with.
You seem like
such a nice person.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Well, Brandon,
I'm so disappointed
that I can't coach you.
But you do have
three...decent options here.
[ Laughter ]
It could be better, honestly.
It could be better.
But who do you pick
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
**
Gwen.
Pick Gwen.
Gwen?
**
I'm gonna go with...
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back to night
five of the blind auditions.
[ Audience shouting ]
**
Gwen.
Pick Gwen.
Gwen?
**
Shameless.
I'm gonna go with...
Gwen.
[ Squeals ]
* No lie, your hands keep
my hands tied *
I'm back. Finally,
my first person today,
and it was a four-chair-turn.
Oh, my gosh.
You're so good.
Brandon's just
a beautiful singer.
I think he has
a soulful R&B style,
but it feels very unique.
This is the most
four-chair-turns
of any season I've ever been on
that I can remember.
It's been incredible.
Oh, my God.
Look at your beauty.
I can't believe it.
I don't know
if I would have got him
if Reba hadn't blocked John,
but lucky for me,
it worked out.
Thank you for choosing me.
Thank you for choosing me!
Brandon: I chose Gwen
because I believe
that she can bring out
the artist in me
and bring me out
of my shell completely.
Reba: As soon as I heard him,
I knew Brandon --
that's the one
John was wanting to go with.
So that's why I blocked John.
Then he went with Gwen instead.
I guess I kind of wasted
a block on John?
I just want the audience
to know what happens
when people block me.
Niall blocked me.
He did not win the artist
he blocked me for.
Reba, she did not win
the artist she blocked me for.
So the lesson is,
don't block me.
It's gonna backfire!
[ Laughs ]
**
It's time to go, y'all.
Hee!
First day to a new, beautiful,
life-changing chapter.
I have no words.
I am Peter Pinnock.
I am 27 years old.
I am from Manatee County,
Florida,
and I reside in Los Angeles,
California.
I grew up with just my mom.
It was really just us
against the world.
But she's my hero, man,
for real.
Marie: I realized Peter
could sing and dance
at 1 years old
in the car seat,
even if it was to
the windshield wipers.
He had rhythm and was always
singing and dancing.
It was rough growing up.
My mom had me when she was 17,
and not only was I a mixed kid,
but I was a mixed kid
who was blind in one eye.
Peter was 4
when he was shot in the eye
with a homemade
bow and arrow.
But his spirit,
it was honestly incredible.
He had just came out
of surgery,
and what comforted him
was music.
I don't know
many 4-year-olds
that could have handled this
trauma the way that he did.
My mom put me
in my first tap jazz class
when I was like
8 or 9 years old.
And because of
the love of music,
dance came so natural for me.
So after high school,
I moved to LA
to pursue dance
as a profession.
I've gotten to work
with Megan Thee Stallion,
Christina Aguilera,
The Weeknd, Snoop Dogg.
And actually,
this is not the first time
I stepped
on the "Voice" stage.
I was able to perform
with Khalid back in 2019,
but being on "The Voice"
as a singer
and having this opportunity
to step out of my norm
as a dancer
is by far gonna be
the biggest opportunity
I've had in my life.
I am singing "Your Man"
by Josh Turner
for my blind audition.
People are definitely surprised
when they heard me sing.
Man:
Ladies and gentlemen,
our next artist
is entering now.
Peter:
I dance as a hip-hop dancer,
but what I truly love
singing is country.
I get to merge the worlds
and just show people
there's no box
when it comes to country music.
There he goes.
We're here.
I'm feeling blessed,
and I'm -- I'm ready.
He looks so beautiful.
Oh.
**
* Baby, lock the door
and turn the lights down low *
Wow.
* And put some music on
that's soft and slow *
* Baby, we ain't got
no place to go *
* I hope you understand *
* I've been thinking
'bout this all day long *
* And never felt a feeling
quite this strong *
Please,
come on, Reba.
Come on, baby.
Come on, Queen.
Come on, Gwen.
* I can't believe
how much it turns me on *
Come on, John.
* Just to be your man *
* Yeah, I can't believe
how much it turns me on *
* Just to be your man *
Thank you.
[ Laughs ]
Thank you very much.
Gwen: Hey.
Whoa.
What's your name,
and where are you from?
My name is Peter Pinnock,
and I am from
Manatee County, Florida.
Well, you don't look
like your voice, first of all.
I didn't know you were
gonna wear pink.
Pink pants,
you did not expect.
Gwen: I felt like as
the performance was going on,
it was getting
a little bit more out of tune.
Even though you have
that deep part of your voice,
there is a nasal
kind of tone.
Maybe just open up a little bit
to warm things up.
But other than that,
I think that you should
just go
with your character
and that you're gonna
get somewhere with that.
Thank you. Thank you.
You singing that low
consistently
was pretty impressive,
but I think everybody
probably notices
you're not speaking
in the same accent
you were singing in,
and because of that,
it made it feel less, like,
connected to who you are.
And that was a distraction
for me.
Got you.
I was really surprised
when I turned around
that you didn't have
a cowboy hat on
because you
really sound like
you're from the hills
of Tennessee.
So, what genre of music
do you usually sing?
I usually sing country and --
but a mix of country and R&B.
I'm from Florida,
so I grew up in the South.
I wish that, for you, that you'd
have chosen a different song
that kind of showed more of
the R&B side of country music
to show off
more of your tone.
But thank you so much
for coming down, man.
I appreciate that, and respect
all of you guys' opinions.
Thank you, Peter.
Thanks, Peter.
Gwen: Peter --
I did like his vibrato,
but I just felt
it just wasn't quite there.
Can I have a hug?
Nice to meet you.
You as well.
There's only a few spots left,
so we're just being
sort of selective
and I have to be really careful
who I press for.
My team is almost full.
I have four spots left,
and all the other coaches
have five.
You know, this season,
we actually get to get
14 people on our team,
which is fun.
We all want to make
the best team possible,
and it's just been
an amazing Season 24 so far.
What a diverse group.
I know.
Even the ones we really
didn't turn on were so talented.
Niall: Yeah.
I know.
Everyone's amazing singers.
Like...
So many talented people
in the world.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
**
Headed to the airport.
"The Voice," Season 24.
[ Horn honking ]
There's so much traffic.
My name is Al Boogie.
I am 37 years old,
from Gonzales, Louisiana,
and I was here for Season 23.
Picture everyone naked.
Don't put that
on television.
[ Laughs ]
* I said, hey,
good L-double-O-K-I-N-G *
Somebody turn!
Season 23 didn't quite work out
the way I wanted it to.
I struggled to hit
some of the notes.
* Well, I smell T-R-O-U-B-L-E *
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Blake: I was waiting
for some of the things
that Travis does
on his record.
And I kind of felt you
back off
a few of those
bigger things,
and so it kept me
from hitting my button.
Thank you, guys.
Thank y'all so much.
That really crushed me.
You know, when I got home,
I turned to something
that has always
kind of been a crutch for me,
and that was food.
At that point,
I was kind of at rock bottom
and knew I had
to make some changes.
It's lunch time.
The old Boogie would have been
pulling into a drive-through.
New Boogie is going to exercise
during his lunch break.
Let's get it.
* I'm gonna sweat it,
I'm gonna sweat it out *
Since being here last season,
I've lost just over 50 pounds.
Feeling a lot better mentally
and physically.
**
Being in better shape
has made it easier
to hit some of the high notes.
I'm glad that you're gonna
get another shot
for the world to see
Al Boogie.
I'm glad, too.
Smells good.
I love my family.
They're my biggest cheerleaders.
I don't want
to let them down.
I don't want them
to see me get beat.
Okay, just picture
everyone naked.
Not again.
[ Laughs ]
Here we go again
with the naked.
For my blind audition today,
I will be singing
"Pickup Man" by Joe Diffie.
It's an old throwback,
'90s country banger.
Man: Our next artist
is entering now.
Yay!
Whoo-hoo!
I know Reba is gonna
recognize it immediately.
Once she's tuned in,
all I got to do
is go and deliver a good vocal,
and we're gonna have
a different ending this time.
**
* Well, I got my first truck
when I was 3 *
* Drove a hundred thousand miles
on my knees *
* Hauled marbles and rocks
and thought twice before *
* I hauled a Barbie doll bed
for the girl next door *
* She tried to pay me
with a kiss *
* And I began to understand *
* There's something women like
about a pickup man *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Come on, Reba!
* When I turned 16 *
* I saved a few hundred bucks *
* My first car was
a pickup truck *
* I was cruising the town
and the first girl I seen *
* Was Bobbie Jo Gentry,
the homecoming queen *
* She flagged me down and
climbed up in the cab and said *
* "I never knew
you were a pickup man" *
* You could set my truck on fire
and roll it down a hill *
Come on, guys!
* And I still
wouldn't trade it *
Come on!
Turn, turn, turn, turn!
* For a Coupe de Ville *
* I got an eight-foot bed
that never has to be made *
* You know,
if it weren't for trucks *
* We wouldn't have tailgates *
* I met all my wives
in traffic jams *
Come on!
* There's just something women
like about a pickup man *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Come on, Reba.
Press your button.
* You can set my truck on fire *
Come on!
* And roll it down a hill *
* And I still wouldn't trade it
for a Coupe de Ville *
* I met all my wives
in traffic jams *
* There's just something women
like about a pickup man *
[ Screaming ]
* A pickup man *
Yes!
Niall: Oh, last second!
Ow!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Oh!
I'm so happy for him.
**
Yes!
Well, hi, there.
How are ya?
I'm doing very well, ma'am.
How are you today?
Doing great.
What's your name,
and where are you from?
My name is Al Boogie.
I'm 37 years old,
and I'm from Louisiana.
I remember him.
As you can tell,
I am the representation
for country music.
Yee-haw, yee-haw.
Don't forget
about me, Reba.
[ Laughter ]
As I was saying.
Who's your influences?
Big part of my upbringing was
listening to you on the radio.
Alright.
Great.
They're a match made in heaven.
What style of country
would you call that, Reba?
This style that --
With a capital C,
Country.
[ Laughter ]
Yes. Yeah.
Country,
with a capital C.
That's what I grew up with.
The strong country.
Oh, my goodness.
'90s honky-tonk.
Yeah.
I'm a big fan already.
We're gonna have a blast.
Thank you so much, ma'am.
Thank you.
Al, uh,
you were here last year, no?
Well, a little bit more of me
was here last year.
I've actually lost about 50
pounds since I was here, so...
Wow.
That's so cool.
Excellent.
The minute
you started speaking,
I was like,
I recognize that voice.
You know,
I recognized yours, as well.
[ Laughter ]
I'm so happy for you
because I was thinking,
"I'm gonna go."
Then she went.
I was like, "Well,
that'll be a waste of time."
[ Laughter ]
What I would love is just
to add some of your grit
to make it feel
more passionate,
sound like you own those lyrics,
if you know what I mean.
If the boss permits, you got it.
[ Clicks tongue ]
Oh,
I like you already.
The queen. She's the queen.
[ Laughs ]
Country is a genre that, like,
I've been learning obviously
for the last eight years since
I've been with Blake, but --
Intimately learning.
Yes.
[ Laughter ]
I feel like your voice,
when you speak,
has so much character.
And in the song,
it did, as well.
But I was maybe looking
for a little bit
more character
at the right times.
So, then when Reba pressed,
I was like, "Oh, my gosh, Gwen.
You don't even know
what you're talking about."
And then it was over,
and here we are.
You know, Al, I would
just be curious in the future,
you know, what kind of songs
you and Reba would pick
that would show
a little bit more dynamic,
a little bit more range
in the future.
Sure.
But the future is here
because you have a chance
to do that with Reba now,
so that's very exciting.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Awesome.
Would you like some tots?
I hope you're hungry.
I can't even
believe it right now.
Reba: I love Al's voice
because I love
'90s country music the best.
And he represented us well.
He's got a great voice.
This is my wife, Stacey.
Hi, Stacey.
She's actually
my health coach.
Oh, your health coach.
Oh, wonderful.
Oh, my God!
We're gonna have such fun.
Al Boogie: Let's get it.
Bye-bye.
Good to see you.
Thank you, Mama Reba.
Oh, Mama Reba --
love that.
There she is.
He called me Mama Reba.
Mama Reba.
I love that.
Aww!
I've got a very strong team.
I kinda thought that
when I'd get on "The Voice,"
I'd have my country team.
But what I have been drawn to
is an eclectic group.
I've got different genres.
They're unique in their own way.
So, may the best voice win.
**
* Ahhh *
* Scared to be lonelyyyyyy *
Oh, my gosh.
That was great.
I am thrilled
to have you,
and I will help you out
any way I can.
Alright, here we go.
Niall:
Reba has a superpower,
and it's discovering
special talent.
Her heart and soul is just very
in tune with some great artists
that are gonna surprise us
down the line, for sure.
* Make me feel like
I'm the only girl in the world *
* Like I'm the only one
that you'll ever love *
If there is gonna be
one person to turn,
Reba McEntire's alright,
I suppose.
I heard a very powerful,
strong voice.
I applaud you,
and I am thrilled to death
that I get to be
your coach.
John:
Reba's got a massive amount
of unique talent
in her own right.
She's beloved.
She's got such
a magnetic personality.
Young lady, would you like
ketchup or barbecue sauce?
Alright.
There you have it.
Plus, she has some
amazing singers.
I'm worried.
It's gonna be so hard
for anyone to beat Reba.
Reba's tots.
But I'm gonna try
my best.
Come on, Reba.
So good.
She's good.
Reba's got, like, a full team,
I think, at this point.
I'm gonna be
going home tomorrow.
You're flying.
Very good.
I'm very thrilled
with them.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
Elizabeth:
Offstage, I'm definitely
a bit of an introvert,
but as soon as I get onstage,
I'm out of my shell immediately.
I have been told that I don't
quite sound the way that I look.
I absolutely love the concept
of the blind audition.
Just knowing that the coaches
won't immediately be
staring at me,
it works really well for me
as a shy person.
**
* Think of me when you're out,
when you're out there *
* Oh *
* I'll beg you nice
from my knees *
Wow.
* And when the world
treats you way too fairly *
Oh, my gosh!
* Well, it's a shame
I'm a dream *
* All I wanted was you *
* All I wanted was you, oh *
* I could follow you
to the beginning *
* Hmm, oh *
* Just to relive the start *
* All I wanted was you, oh *
Yeah!
* All I wanted was you *
* All I wanted was you, oh *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
**
Yes!
Hey, there.
Well, what's your name?
My name is Elizabeth Evans.
I'm from Nashville, Tennessee.
Cool.
Wow!
[ Laughs ]
What do you do
in Nashville?
I'm doing a lot of songwriting
and a lot of singing.
I do a lot of music there.
Yeah.
So, currently I'm about to
graduate from Belmont University
with a degree in songwriting
and a minor in music business.
I still do like to gig around
sometimes with my band,
and we'll play
some of my original music
as well as
a few different covers.
* 'Cause I ain't got
the time of day to try... *
I first realized I could sing
when I was 8 or 9.
I think it was in church,
actually.
My mom asked me
to sing with her on stage.
My family and friends noticed
that I definitely come out
of my shell with music.
My upbringing was definitely
a little bit turbulent.
My mom and my dad,
they got divorced
when I was pretty young.
Whenever things
were pretty stressful,
I did start to lean
on music a lot more
because that was
my safe space
and that was where
I could express
what I was feeling
or thinking or going through.
You are so much braver
and stronger than I ever was,
and I am so excited
for your journey
and where this takes you.
Thanks, Mom.
Definitely doing this
for my mom as well,
just to show her that she's done
a lot of things right
and she's gotten me here
and I wouldn't be here
without her.
Man, I was so surprised
when I turned around
and this big voice
comes out
of a tiny little thing
like you.
Thank you.
You've got
such a powerful voice.
I turned for you because
I would love to be your coach.
I think we could have
a lot of fun together
and get to work
on some staging things.
You have to communicate
with your audience
to let them know
that you're singing
to them, for them.
So, I could help you out
with that.
Thank you so much.
Niall: Hello.
It was just like
the mapping scenario
where, like, you're making
your way through a song
and I just wasn't sure where it
was -- where it was going.
Yeah.
I think where we're at
in the competition now,
the teams are starting
to fill up for us,
and, like, I have to be
like absolutely 100% sure
to turn around and go
and coach this person.
Yeah.
But there's no doubt
you're in good hands
either way,
with the queen or...
The Legend.
...that guy there,
down there at the end.
He's -- He's good.
He's alright, too, I suppose.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Elizabeth.
Thank you.
Gwen: You're so cute,
first of all.
Thank you.
Your choices, the way that
you were scooping your vocals
into the different notes,
and I think as you got stronger,
you were getting a little tuney,
and I think
you were getting
a little pinched as well.
And I think that's all
gonna come down to coaching
and trying to, like,
map out,
like, when you're
gonna breathe.
Yep.
I love your style
and your personality,
and your voice,
I think, is beautiful.
So, keep it going.
Thank you so, so much.
I heard the beginning
and I was like,
"Oh, cool voice.
Cool voice."
And then when you did
that scoop
and then went
into the big note,
I was like, "Okay,
I want Elizabeth on my team."
Sometimes people
get a little flustered,
but good coaching,
good planning
can make sure
that doesn't happen again
because you have
everything you need.
I would love to be
your coach
because I really can help you
think about the right songs
and we could have
so much fun together, Elizabeth.
That was a good pitch.
So, Elizabeth,
it is time to see
which one of us
you would like to choose
as your coach.
[ Audience shouting ]
Come on, Elizabeth.
Come on.
This is
such a hard decision.
**
I think I'm gonna
go with...
John.
Yes!
Thank you so much.
Thank you. Thank you.
Whoo!
John: Team Legend is getting
some great wins today.
I think Elizabeth showed
her range immediately.
She showed her power.
She showed this beautiful tone.
So, I'm really curious to see
what her interests are
and where she wants
to go as an artist.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
So nice to meet you.
Congratulations!
Reba: This is not
John's first rodeo.
He knows how to play the game.
But I am in Blake's chair.
Alright!
And I'm hoping some of the luck
that he has had
will rub off on me.
Now that Blake's gone,
I am the most experienced coach
on "The Voice."
You can call me the OG.
I am the king
of "The Voice" now.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Daly: Still to come...
* Now all I see is red *
I think we're looking
at a potential winner here.
I'm gonna fight hard
for this one.
We're not afraid of you.
[ Laughter ]
Thank you.
Daly: ...our coaches resort
to desperate measures
to get more amazing artists
on their teams.
Come on.
Please, please.
Oh, no!
They're shameless!
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
Woman: Wow.
And I would love to see
a picture of you
up there
one of these days.
G'day.
My name is Jordan Grace.
I am 31, and I'm from
the Sunshine Coast in Australia,
but I live
in Nashville, Tennessee.
**
My childhood
was very adventurous.
My dad's a country singer.
He's been a country singer
for 30-plus years.
My dad was definitely
a pioneer back in the '80s,
kind of the Johnny Cash
of Australia.
My whole family would always
travel together,
playing country music
every night, different town.
Was always sleeping in suitcases
or sleeping in guitar
cases backstage
when Dad's doing concerts.
When I turned 18,
I knew that it was time
for me to pack up and head
to America and chase my dreams.
I've always dreamed
of having kids
and, like my dad,
giving my guitars
and my songs to my children.
My wife, Paige and I,
we have a son, Jameson.
He reminds me every day
that everything is possible.
And I'm so thankful to say that
I've been full time in music
for three-plus years now.
Seeing Jordan now
in a full-time music career,
I'm super proud as a dad,
seeing him pursuing
the convictions of his heart.
A few years ago, I got contacted
by an EDM artist.
[ Laughing ]
I didn't even know what EDM was.
And he wanted me to sing
on this dance song,
and it went really well.
I now get hit up
by hundreds of deejays
wanting me to sing
on their songs,
and it's been incredible.
Past three years,
I've had the honor
to sing for Martin Garrix
and Armin van Buuren,
Nicky Romero, some of the
biggest deejays in the world.
But I'm ready to find
my identity again,
and that's why I'm here.
A chair-turn for me
would just be validation
I am in the right place.
I just want to carry
my family up there with me
and make us all proud.
**
* Well, you only need the light
when it's burning low *
* Only miss the sun
when it starts to snow *
* Only know you love her
when you let her go *
Beautiful.
* And you let her go *
**
* Staring at the bottom
of your glass *
* Hoping one day
you'll make a dream last *
* Dreams come slow,
it goes so fast *
* You see her
when you close your eyes *
* Maybe one day
you'll understand why *
* Everything you touch
surely dies, oh, no *
* Only know you've been high
when you're feeling low *
* Only hate the road
when you're missin' home *
* Only know you love her
when you let her go, oh *
* When you let her go *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Hello. What is your name,
and where are you from?
G'day, guys.
My name is Jordan Grace.
I'm from the Sunshine Coast
from Queensland, Australia.
Oh, wow.
But I live -- I live
in Nashville, Tennessee.
Oh, great.
Okay.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Jordan,
how you going, mate?
Hey, mate.
How you going?
I just felt like in terms
of the competition,
just to hear a little bit
more of a range
would have been
absolutely great,
but the tone
is so good.
It's like whisper,
storyteller.
So, I think you should go
and have a look at song choice
and then please come back
and see us.
Thank you, mate.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I'm so glad that you live
in Nashville, Tennessee.
That's where I'm from.
Best place on earth, mate.
[ Laughs ]
Please don't take this
as a "I'm never
gonna go forward,"
'cause we've had
our fill of no's
and rejections
in our careers.
So, come back and see us again
on "The Voice."
We'd love to have you.
It's an honor, honestly,
just to play for you guys.
John: I was like, "Wow,
this same melody keeps happening
and I want something
new to happen,
so I can know
if there's more to it."
You have
a really pretty tone,
but it would have to be,
like,
so magical
and so perfect otherwise
for it to work
without us hearing your range.
We're thinking about
all those things
as we're deciding whether or not
to push the button.
I'll be back.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks, Jordan.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Niall:
I didn't turn for Jordan
because I just
wanted to just hear
a little bit more range.
That song requires you
to sing in a pocket,
and I don't think he really
punched at the song enough,
but really beautiful tone.
He had a really
pretty voice.
Yeah.
What I'm looking for now
is a big voice,
whether it be a rock voice,
a country voice --
something just brings energy
into the studio
and takes the roof
off the place,
and I want to get them
on my team,
whoever they are.
I'll find you.
[ Laughs ]
I'm Nini Iris. I'm 27.
I'm from Georgia.
[ Buzzer ]
[ Laughs ]
The country of Georgia.
Georgia is neighboring Turkey,
Armenia, Russia, and Azerbaijan.
Georgian culture
is very rich with music
and Georgian dance, like that.
And then you have like this.
And I play my Georgian
instrument called panduri.
Georgia has my heart
and my soul.
I have my whole family there.
We didn't really have, like,
electricity or, like, hot water.
I didn't have musical education,
other than Georgian music.
When I was 16, I decided
that I'd rather be a musician
than do something else.
And I actually tried out
for "The Voice of Georgia."
I had two chair-turns,
got through the battles,
and then I got kicked off
of live shows.
But I worked a lot
to become better as an artist.
And in 2016,
I moved to New York City.
It's been a tough journey.
Like, I didn't know where to go,
so I actually ended up
being homeless for a few weeks.
**
So, I was just in the subway.
I slept in the train,
and then I'd just wake up and go
upstairs with my one suitcase.
* What do I do? *
* Oh, what I do? *
[ Sniffles ] It was okay.
It wasn't terrible,
but I just didn't
want to do it anymore.
I had to, like,
start getting my life together.
I had to get a place, get a job,
and, you know,
start going towards my goal
that I came here for.
**
I'm finally doing music
full time.
I'm a wedding singer,
and I do restaurants, I do bars.
I used to dream to be
on American "Voice"
when I was little.
And now it's about time
that I'm here.
* Give me my dawns back *
* Everything that dies
makes its way on back *
[ Speaking Georgian ]
[ Voice breaking ]
It just feels like I'm missing
so much back home.
I want to make it
so my mom can say
that, like, you know,
she went for a reason.
Okay. Wow. This is happening.
[ Chuckles ]
This is big. This is huge.
This means that the whole world
is gonna watch me,
not just Georgia.
And I want to show the world
that I deserve to be here.
* I need one small victory *
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
Watch this.
Watch and learn, buddy.
[ Laughs ]
Man:
Ladies and gentlemen,
our next artist
is entering now.
I've got a good feeling
about this one.
Mm.
**
* Did you really think
I'd just forgive and forget? *
Whoa.
* No *
* After catching you with her *
* Your blood should run cold,
so cold *
* Youuuuu *
* You two-timing, cheap,
lying wannabe *
There we go!
* You're a fooooooool *
* If you thought
that I'd just let this go *
All four.
* I see red *
Whoo!
* Red *
* Ohhh, red *
Sing!
* A gun to your head *
* Head, to your head *
* Now all I see is red *
Whoooo!
* Executioner style *
* And there won't be no trial *
* Don't you know
that you're better off dead? *
* All I see is red *
* Red, oh, red *
* Now all I see is red *
* Red, red, red, red *
* Red, red *
Come on!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
**
Yes!
Four chairs!
[ Laughs ]
What is your name?
Which planet
do you come from?
[ Laughter ]
My name is Nini Iris.
I'm 27 years old.
Originally, I'm from
the country of Georgia.
The country?
Eastern Europe.
Europe. Yes.
But I live in New York
for seven years now.
Brooklyn, baby.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I'm gonna fight hard for this
one, so you better get ready.
We're not afraid of you.
Okay.
[ Laughter ]
That was the best
vocal of the day,
without a shadow
of a doubt.
[ Cheers and applause ]
The proper rock singer in you
really came to fruition.
It was so strong,
powerful, commanding.
The whole room was
with you all the way.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I think we're looking
at a potential winner here.
But no matter
what happens...
I'm so happy
that you came to see us.
And please, please,
please...
[ Laughs ]
Thank you.
[ Laughter ]
That was a lot.
Slay, Niall. Slay.
I'm thrilled
that I watched you perform.
Your singing
is absolutely spectacular.
I love
your stage presence.
I think you could sing
anything.
You could probably sing
the phone book,
and all of us
would have turned around.
So, welcome to "The Voice."
We're very glad you're here.
I'd love
to be your coach.
Thank you.
Hi, Nini.
Hi.
How are you?
Mr. Legend? What?
You can call me John.
It's fine.
Okay, John.
[ Laughter ]
It was fantastic
to witness.
You had all of these
things going on
with your
physical presentation,
but the first thing we heard,
of course, was your voice.
The nuance and the tone
was really subtle and cool.
You gave us kind of a soulful
rock performance today.
Is that what you want
to do in the future?
Definitely powerful.
A strong, independent woman.
Fierce.
Hey, that's a great
country song right there.
And I can really
help you with that.
We're like, "Oh, that sounds
like something I would know."
I know lots of strong women
country songs.
You and me,
right there.
Nini, I would love
to have you on Team Legend.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That was just incredible.
The fact that you can flip
so easily
between different styles
in your voice
is just so exciting
for this show
because this is
like a boot camp,
and you have
a big job ahead of you
because you've already given us
like a Grammys performance,
and the confidence that you have
is just super natural.
Who did you grow up on?
Like, what are
your favorite --
You.
[ Laughter ]
Ow! Yes!
But I got to say that I was
a big One Direction fan, too.
[ Cheers and applause ]
No!
I'm not ashamed to say that
I wrote maybe a few fan fictions
when I was a teenager.
What are the contours
of a One Direction fan fiction?
When you're young
and you love somebody,
you just want
to meet them so bad,
so you write about
your dreams of meeting them.
That's all.
You know, what's sad is
when reality
doesn't live up
to the dreams
that you've had.
[ Laughter ]
Do you know
what's been really sad?
I met John Legend.
[ Laughter ]
Who do you pick
as your coach?
Oh, my God.
* If you want,
I can tell the truth *
* That this life takes
a toll on you *
Come on.
Nini. Nini.
* In the morning,
I'm bulletproof *
They're shameless.
Please.
[ Audience shouting ]
Oh, no.
Oh, no!
I'm gonna go with...
Niall.
Yes!
* Rub your eyes, be surprised,
keep hungry *
* Stay alive,
try to lose all your money *
[ Squeals ]
Ahhhhh!
Nini Iris.
Remember the name.
This girl is off the charts.
Ready-made superstar.
She was commanding the stage,
arguably the best vocal we have
heard in this whole competition.
She's gonna go the whole way.
Oh, my God.
Feel my heart.
I appreciate you.
[ Screams, laughs ]
I wanted to get
a big rock voice,
something that had energy
and took the roof off the place,
and she did that.
John Legend was turning
into the four-chair king,
but the four-chair prince
is here now.
* Young blood *
[ Laughter ]
Oh, John.
Oh.
What?
Niall started out
with the kind of
rambling-man pitch style
where he would just say
more and more things,
but he's starting to hone it.
Doesn't it look good?
I'm just kidding.
He's doing the Casanova,
"I'll woo you.
I'll get on my knees."
He got on his knees.
I thought he was
gonna propose.
These young ladies are
susceptible to Niall's wooing.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
And I don't like it.